chore(docs): update subquery documentation with more information (#10361)
apache/datafusion: docs/source/user-guide/sql/subqueries.md

operations.

### Example

```sql
SELECT
  column_1,
  (
    SELECT
      first_value(string)
    FROM
      y
    WHERE
      number = x.column_1
  ) AS "numeric string"
FROM
  x;

+----------+----------------+
| column_1 | numeric string |
+----------+----------------+
|        1 | one            |
|        2 | two            |
+----------+----------------+
```

## FROM clause subqueries

`FROM` clause subqueries return a set of results that is then queried and
operated on by the outer query.

```sql
SELECT expression1[, expression2, ..., expressionN] FROM (<subquery>)
```

### Example

The following query returns the average of maximum values per room.
The inner query returns the maximum value for each field from each room.
The outer query uses the results of the inner query and returns the average
maximum value for each field.

```sql
SELECT
  column_2
FROM
  (
    SELECT
      *
    FROM
      x
    WHERE
      column_1 > 1
  );

+----------+
| column_2 |
+----------+
|        4 |
+----------+
```

## WHERE clause subqueries

`WHERE` clause subqueries compare an expression to the result of the subquery
and return _true_ or _false_.

> Rows that evaluate to _false_ are filtered from results.

Reviewer: Technically it is rows that do not evaluate to `_true` (aka rows that evaluate to `NULL` are also filtered)

```suggestion
Rows that evaluate to _false_ or `_NULL_` are filtered from results.
```

The `WHERE` clause supports correlated and non-correlated subqueries
as well as scalar and non-scalar subqueries (depending on the the operator used
in the predicate expression).

```sql
SELECT
  expression1[, expression2, ..., expressionN]
FROM
  <measurement>
WHERE
  expression operator (<subquery>)
```

**Note:** `WHERE` clause subqueries can be used as an alternative to `JOIN`
operations.

### Examples

#### `WHERE` clause with scalar subquery

The following query returns all rows with `column_2` values above the average
of all `number` values in `y`.

```sql
SELECT
  *
FROM
  x
WHERE
  column_2 > (
    SELECT
      AVG(number)
    FROM
      y
  );

+----------+----------+
| column_1 | column_2 |
+----------+----------+
|        2 |        4 |
+----------+----------+
```

#### `WHERE` clause with non-scalar subquery

> Non-scalar subqueries must use the `[NOT] IN` operator and can only return a

Reviewer: I think they can use `[NOT] EXISTS` as well I believe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-scalar subqueries must use the `[NOT] IN` or `[NOT] EXISTS` operators and can only return a
```

returned by aggregate functions in the `SELECT` clause to the result of the
subquery and return _true_ or _false_.
Rows that evaluate to _false_ are filtered from results.
The `HAVING` clause supports correlated and non-correlated subqueries
as well as scalar and non-scalar subqueries (depending on the the operator used
in the predicate expression).

```sql
SELECT
  aggregate_expression1[, aggregate_expression2, ..., aggregate_expressionN]
FROM
  <measurement>
WHERE
  <conditional_expression>
GROUP BY
  column_expression1[, column_expression2, ..., column_expressionN]
HAVING
  expression operator (<subquery>)
```

### Examples

The following query calculates the averages of even and odd numbers in table `y`
and returns the averages that are equal to the maximum value of `column_1`
in table `x`.

#### `HAVING` clause with a scalar subquery

```sql
SELECT
  AVG(number) AS avg,
  (number % 2 = 0) AS even
FROM
  y
GROUP BY
  even
HAVING
  avg = (
    SELECT
      MAX(column_1)
    FROM
      x
  );

+-------+--------+
|   avg | even   |
+-------+--------+
|     2 | false  |
+-------+--------+
```

#### `HAVING` clause with a non-scalar subquery

> Non-scalar subqueries must use the `[NOT] IN` operator and can only return a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-scalar subqueries must use the `[NOT] IN` or `[NOT] EXISTS` operators and can only return a
```
